= GenericPeopleRails

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

GenericPeopleRails (GPR) provides models for the following:

    * address: a possibly geocoded physical and/or postal address.
    * carrier: a phone or data service provider.
    * contact: contact information for a person.
    * credential: authentication and/or authorization info for a member.
    * device: a digital device belonging to a person.
    * email: a person's email address.
    * label: a descriptor for something, suitable for display or use in referencing.
    * last_login: the last time a member 'logged in' to something.
    * member: the part of a person able to participate in relationships with other things.
    * nickname: nickname for a person.
    * permission: denotes a capability for a credential and associated member.
    * permission_label: descriptor for a permission.
    * person: a human.
    * phone: a person's communication device.

These models can be subclasses as necessary to provide application-specific features.

== INSTALL

add the following to your Gemfile:

     gem 'generic_people_rails', git: 'git@git.opuslogica.com:generic_people_rails.git'

Mount the engine/install the gem:

     rails g generic_people_rails:install

And finally, migrate your database:

     rake db:migrate

This will install all the tables that GenericPeopleRails needs.

You'll also want to add this to your_app/config/initializers/models_load.rb:

# Ensure that every model of interest is loaded.
Rails.application.eager_load!
Rails::Engine.descendants.each { |d| d.eager_load! rescue nil }

TODO: make a rake task (or add to the gpr install task) creation of models_load.rb,
but pay attention to making it load things in the proper order.  Maybe in the same
order that engines are mounted?  Which I guess would only be possible for engines
mounted prior to gpr getting installed.

== UPGRADE

Changes were made from the original gpr. You'll need to upgrade in conjunction with
the weblogin gem.

Create a new your_app/config/initializers/generic_people_rails.rb
  (see the generators templates for details)

Migrate your database (adds salt to the passwords and paranoia on the member model)
      rake db:migrate
      
For the mailers to work, be sure you have some default options set up in your environment files:
      config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'http://www.twicketer.com' }
      config.action_mailer.default_options = {from: 'notice@twicketer.com'}

Add the style class to your application.css
      *= require 'generic_people_rails'
